thank you so much as Part C sunshine
Center and carry on for focus of Korea
cool Wartortle perfect yeah reverse for
routes cool and the red is a well the
down for that really sucks okay let's
is just to go to okay binary
jingling kept locked kabuto climbing
quick full nuncle manager my neck my
neck trip and dartmouth rd okay that's
folder oh good oh and where ah Garchomp
level eggs nice sweet with my first
level X up quite a bit about that i'm
happy about so we getting this thing
about with us don't applaud sister
Justine deck on the fortress which gets
over okay so that comes with a sexy
colors obviously a planar a robot /
goddess a passive learner shield on
going and I'm scholars and poison marks
and stuff always gets Carter
okay see them then let's get ready to
any chance the person pushing 30 search
and it says careful this is going to be
the research to go to the quantum buns &
buns are bonds on and I'm total total
total those 30 degree spew season see
Sylvia Sylvia war rain where yeah i'm
one-fourth of Allah awesome and children
and of course when I got within the
pilots in the holophone bastard just
cool so yes back to watching keep well
I'm what way to describe this yet so be
sure to subscribe right